Onboarding docs (#3603)
Koenkk/zigbee2mqtt.io: docs/guide/installation/05_windows.md

## Configuring

:::tip TIP

> See [Onboarding](../getting-started/README.md#onboarding) to make this step easier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an alternative of this setup, you can also use the [onboarding feature](../getting-started/README.md#onboarding).
```
